Allow optionally to disable range caching. (#9908)
Minio-io/minio: docs/disk-caching/DESIGN.md

     MINIO_CACHE_AFTER: Minimum number of access before caching an object.
     MINIO_CACHE_WATERMARK_LOW: % of cache quota at which cache eviction stops
     MINIO_CACHE_WATERMARK_HIGH: % of cache quota at which cache eviction starts

>      MINIO_CACHE_RANGE: Disable range caching if set to `off`.Default is `on`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     MINIO_CACHE_RANGE: set to "on" or "off" caching of independent range requests per object, defaults to "on"
```

- When an object is deleted, corresponding entry in cache if any is deleted as well.
- Cache continues to work for read-only operations such as GET, HEAD when backend is offline.
- Cache-Control and Expires headers can be used to control how long objects stay in the cache. ETag of cached objects are not validated with backend until expiry time as per the Cache-Control or Expires header is met.

> - For range GET requests, each range is cached to disk by default. If you wish to download the entire object in the background to optimize future fetches, the `MINIO_CACHE_RANGE` environment variable can be set to `off` to disable range caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All range GET requests are cached by default independently, this may be not desirable in all situations when cache storage is limited and where downloading an entire object at once might be more optimal. To optionally turn this feature off, and allow downloading entire object in the background `export MINIO_CACHE_RANGE=off`. 
```
